src/content/docs/en/user/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Introduction
description: Prompt Manager Overview
sidebar:
  order: 1
---

Welcome to the **Prompt Manager** user documentation.

## What is Prompt Manager?

**Prompt Manager** is a complete platform designed to industrialize the use of Large Language Models (LLM) within your applications. It is aimed at developers, prompt engineers, and product teams.

### Key Features

- **Immutable Versioning**: Manage the lifecycle of your prompts (Draft, Published, Archived) securely. Each modification creates a new version, ensuring that no regression affects your applications in production.
- **Multi-Model Support**: Access a wide range of models via OpenRouter (OpenAI, Anthropic, Mistral, Llama, etc.) without changing your code.
- **Integrated Playground**: Test your prompts directly in the interface with support for dynamic variables and streaming.
- **Unified API**: Integrate your prompts into your applications via a simple and high-performance API.
- **BYOK (Bring Your Own Key)**: For advanced users, use your own OpenRouter API key for full control over billing and privacy.

## For Whom?

- **Developers**: Integrate generative AI without managing the complexity of different model providers.
- **Product Owners**: Iterate on prompts and improve response quality without touching the code.
- **QA / Testers**: Validate prompt performance before production deployment.

Commit message:

feat: Add documentation for analytics, golden samples, and categories, and enhance details for billing, execution, and prompt versioning.

src/content/docs/en/user/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Introduction
description: Prompt Manager Overview
sidebar:
  order: 1
---

Welcome to the **Prompt Manager** user documentation.

## What is Prompt Manager?

**Prompt Manager** is a complete platform designed to industrialize the use of Large Language Models (LLM) within your applications. It is aimed at developers, prompt engineers, and product teams.

### Key Features

- **Immutable Versioning**: Manage the lifecycle of your prompts (DRAFT → PRODUCTION → ARCHIVED) securely. Each modification creates a new version, ensuring that no regression affects your applications in production.
- **Multi-Model Support**: Access a wide range of models via OpenRouter (OpenAI, Anthropic, Mistral, Llama, etc.) without changing your code.
- **Advanced Prompt IDE**: Professional three-panel editor with complete model configuration and real-time testing with streaming.
- **Golden Samples**: Create regression tests to ensure the quality of your prompts across versions.
- **Category Organization**: Structure your prompts in hierarchical categories for optimal management.
- **Analytics & Tracking**: Monitor usage, performance, and costs of all your prompts in real-time.
- **Unified API (PRO)**: Integrate your prompts into your applications via a simple and high-performance REST API.
- **BYOK (Bring Your Own Key)**: For PRO users, use your own OpenRouter API key for full control over billing and privacy.

## For Whom?

- **Developers**: Integrate generative AI without managing the complexity of different model providers.
- **Product Owners**: Iterate on prompts and improve response quality without touching the code.
- **QA / Testers**: Validate prompt performance before production deployment.
